we've got some questions from the our
story video that you guys have put in
the comments and we're gonna do a little
rapid-fire and just answer some of these
questions yeah so did you guys ever have
any moments where you didn't think you
would make it during the long-distance
time where we were dating Courtney snow
if you answer that question I didn't
know I think I mean you know it was
challenging but you know you know we
found ways yes weather you know but net
was it was driving to come see me or I
was coming back to Portland to see her
or or across country and you know
talking on the phone you know I know
long distance is probably still tough
today but in some ways you know maybe it
can be easier with I I know when I go on
business trips or something to be able
to FaceTime to family it's like really
really important so no yeah I don't
think it was very hard for us I think
you know I think when two people are
mutually at this the same level and
their relationship and where they want
to my kids ago I think that really helps
so yeah like you said we just traveled
back and forth did what we could phone
call wise to you know stay in connection
with each other and when we did see each
other we made sure to reconnect every
time how old were you when you got
married I was 22 kids the baby yeah so
that makes me 23 yeah okay 23 to go
about picking baby cheetahs name great
question so how high we were doing like
a series at the Kerrigan everyone in the
church had the Bible and yeah I was
reading it and I came across Judah in it
and as I oh my gosh she was such a great
name and then that night talking to
Tyler and asking him or saying to him
honey you know what name we should make
more next kid if we have a boy and then
he goes what cuter
so that's how we kind of came up with
the first name and then the second name
I was pregnant already and I think we
found out what the sex was and I was
reading Jesus calling and other guys
note that devotional book by Sarah young
I've done a couple devotions on here
about it and in it there are some
scriptures at the end that you go
through and one of the scriptures I read
had a manual and I thought wow that's so
amazing
Judah means praise or thankfulness and
Emmanuel means God with us and I just
thought it flowed perfectly praise God
with us and that's how we came up with
his name what was teas first reaction
and what does he think now so here's the
scoop on your situation
my wife has gone through a lot of
different hair styles right thought
styles yeah including her switch to
natural hair so I'd like to think that
I've always been really supportive of
your decisions um not necessarily at the
moment when she doesn't it's hard for me
to imagine the new style that she's
trying to show me before it's actually
on her and head but you know after after
she's done it because I've given my
blessing after she's I just do whatever
I know I don't love it I know he will he
does have to come around you know so
when I first went natural he this is
kind of like what is happening right now
because I can dish and I didn't like
this cut my hair off and he just went
into shock just crummy oh okay so the
point was after she's had for a while
then I always grow attached to that
style so when she changes it you know
every other week that's when it's kind
of crazy but you know when it's been her
you know a good enough period of time
and I always get really attached to that
because she's always beautiful no matter
what hairstyle she has
and I just learned to really love
whatever she's got going on on the top
of her head so oh yeah I mean that's
that's pretty much where it is they like
it I do like to have added twist this is
probably like the third time you've done
it though right yeah so you know the
first time the first time I didn't know
if I really wanted to touch it I wasn't
exactly sure whose it was you know
somebody else's horses I I mean I didn't
know all the different really love her
natural hair though it's always fun
seeing her go through different styles
and you know adjusting to that but
overall I'm just really happy and proud
of her that she that she made the switch
and that she can be an advocate to a lot
of you out there on making the switch as
well and just going through that process
of what health looks like when it comes
to hair and taking care of of yourself
holistically so yeah guys those are a
few questions that were on our our story
we'll be more than happy to answer and
you have a questions you guys have thank
you guys for even posting them so that
we could have a video like this to share
with you guys so that's it until next
time hi hi time for you to eat my
balloon
bye guys